Venezuelan television system
national public media at this time
we are at the big fair
Christmas socialist already on purpose
Christmas is coming with me
the minister isabel thin minister of
popular chorus for trade because it has
been many today the
people the Venezuelan people who have
come to participate to do your shopping
also to observe the variety of
products what is offered in this great
fair christmas minister very good
nights to all the people of venezuela
we are in the process of closing the second
day of the fair merry Christmas for
It has been complicated to close the fair by
the amount of people we have here
enjoying christmas enjoying the
share as a family enjoying the
entertainments doing their
shopping us we hope to return
the weeks that come with it with
the same Christmas spirit with the
same capacity for good friendly attention
at a fair price with a smile in the
lips here we will be on Thursday that
come let's open at 2 in the afternoon
It is important to announce that sales of
body of the market corporation is
They are going to do the Sabbath the other days
We will be attending to all the
citizenship with that we're going to have my house
well equipped will largest revamped
be the minister of industry with all
its offer of technological products of
your little one and your big industry that
is here we 're going to have all the
Ministries of the Ministry of Sports
with his sports offer to the ministry of
culture with this cultural offer
wonderful that you put in our
service we are going to have entertainments
the gourmet offer of the ministry
feeding
of the National Institute of Food
with healthy eats take data eats healthy
well , we have many
many many product opportunities
entertainment opportunities a lot
opportunity to share from the
next week we open with a stand of
conference for us to discuss
different topics of human life that
we need to discuss discuss we need
understand the processes of developing
the products we want to discuss about the
trade that we understand as by
fair trade we want to talk about the
healthy eating campaign to consume healthy
Well then, we wait for you weeks
that the important aspect comes
minister and go beautiful also towards the
today's tour highlighted the
production issue that 80 percent
in the case of food was national
is a very important element as has been
seen the issue that is coming
especially strengthening the theme
of sales
what is offered and look when you
eat a dish one has to know of
where for what is recommended great
part of the Venezuelan's daily dish
leaves not only Venezuelan but is
peasant is product in agriculture
familiar our vegetables are
our support is national in
very good measure is that national and is the
result of small producers is the
result as I said today
vice president iván the one these laws
of land that the president promulgated
chávez that the democratization of the
land giving space to the Venezuelan to
your production today we would like
make a law but to trade that
slowly also to the Venezuelan stop
work in commerce as a
dependent no longer in situation of
work dependence
the Venezuelan can and should have his
trade and that is what the
mature president tell us around
the figure that thrown these two days of
fair has been very much the affluence of
people and also that call that you
can do it from the ministry of
trade because here
at this time the people that we
they were watching us through
of the national public media system
he says maybe hey the product is over
and next week there is no what is your
call that is made from here in this
window we have many products of
all kinds in my well-equipped house have
products in sufficient quantity to
meet the needs of the people
Venezuelan not only at this fair
but in all the fairs in the 24
states at all points of the order
to the market in all the bases of
missions and in private stores where
We will take our products to
meet the needs of
Venezuelans we have sufficiency in
food we have sufficiency in textiles
in footwear to guarantee the premiere
to the Venezuelan who is one of our
traditions
we have sufficiency in toys we have
enough in all areas of this
Christmas and we will continue to have
for next year because we
We are in many processes
very important defeat of the war
We are going to defeat the economy
spend a happy Christmas and a
be reborn for next year where
we will continue working in
function of strengthening our industry
in by instruction to strengthen all
our service processes
educational we are going to get out of poverty
extreme venezuela has a panorama
positive because he has a government
socialist while these figures
have thrown these fair days
Christmas
today we are calculating an influx that
we need the report and the closing of the
fair now we are calculating a
influx of around 40,000
people yesterday we had 25 thousand people in
the fair
in my well-equipped house has attended to
1500 people
We distributed 1,500 tickets still
missing to serve around 200
people and we will attend to the
last citizens who entered this
kind so they come out good
satisfied with his walk through this fair
and finally to close the call
then the participation the people
Venezuelan is known to maintain the
fair and good I ask you all to
come on Thursday at our new appointment
we will be open thursday friday and
Sunday everyone to come happy to celebrate
Christmas to celebrate that we got to
this end of the year in peace as for the
strength and bravery the whole town
Venezuelan and good as a final message in
name of the mature president
we have my homeland thanks then to the
Minister of Commerce Isabel Slim
the framework of this Christmas fair
happy Christmas as it has been
cataloged and at this time they have been
quite visited that every day
remember the next weekends to
from Thursday to Sunday
every weekend is going to be
developing for the enjoyment and
of all Venezuelans the training
we have at this time of acade with this
we return to the studies forward